feat(IconButton): Support for toggleColor (#2263)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/actions/icon-button.mdx

</Space>
```

### ToggleColor

> Icon buttons have the `toggleColor` prop which can be used to specify a theme-derived background color to the Icon. The `toggle` prop has to be explictly set to either `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icon buttons have the `toggleColor` prop which can be used to specify what the icon's color and background color are when `toggle = true`. It accepts the following values:
- 'key'
- 'calculation' 
- 'dimension' 
- 'measure'

**Note:** The `toggle` prop has to be explicitly set to either `true` or `false`.
```

Tried to add more specificity to the doc portion, but this is just a nit (i.e. feel free to disregard).
